so here's the back of my soul re dater
ten o'clock it's almost 100% functional
now it's all cleaned up and so the major
modification I added recently is to
replace the ballasts for the two this is
where made for a weird European voltage
I never seen before is 160 volts and I
think that's written on on the clock
horn yeah says it was made for that
voltage I have no idea why the product
doesn't work here so fortunately I could
find in need a ballast that fits in here
replace the tubes and took the starters
out and now try plug it in and like that
instantly thanks to the electronic
ballast and this is a slave clock so it
doesn't have a synchronous motor it just
have an impulse motor so this thing
turns once a minute and you have to give
it either 12 or 24 volt pulse depending
on how you set it over here
and alternate the polarity of the pulse
every time you give it so every minute
it's a different polarity so here I have
hooked it up to this little circuit
which P ie xx as a guy know you cannot
mix those and nicer rather simple thing
to do on your own but since he already
did it and it's nice it has a 24 volt
power supply and so they go I had set
them down the wrong path so I have to
wait another minute to see how it works
so let's try to
move it and see what's in the front I'll
set you down here for a second I need to
take my two hands to that enormous 60
pound thing here we go here we are and
let's set it up to some interesting time
so I go over here
I try so you cannot have to be very
careful how to adjust it if not things
get out of work pretty quickly and it
doesn't shift on the tens of minutes
look at some beard are in here over here
it's a bit more complicated I have to
take it off okay let's put it so same
thing I have to do it with the you-let's
so see Europe in clock so it counts up
to twenty four one two three all right
and see where we are here actually I
think I can so one chance out of two to
have the right pulse polarity here we'll
see so this works this works this I have
sought to repair and mechanism is stuck
but it still works if you push it a
little bit it will work it's a spring
driven mechanism that there's a leap
here so let's see if we get the shift
here oh yes it works so we're on the
right polarity so all that works but a
date hasn't change the date assembly is
the most complex of that clock so you
see how it works the first number of
minutes dries the tens of minutes
and here the sing every full revolution
which is 60-minute gives it a tug which
drives the hours the hours go one step
here's twenty four steps and at the end
of twenty four is a big gap so it goes
on twenty four to thirty included if you
click you don't see it and it goes back
to zero and every turn of this there's
another cam so it drives today's which
is a simple no seven pin mechanism and
then it drives the date which is
actually quite complex mechanism because
it does both 30 and 31 days for the
month and the leap years to it so that
one is actually complex and it's spring
driven and the spring doesn't have in
have enough force to move it because
it's all it's all old and stuck but so I
have to take it apart and clean it but I
think it will work
so hey it's a pretty nice clocks
fascinating you you watch sick like a
cuckoo clock you sit in front of it
know what just before twelve o'clock
waiting for things to to turn around
pretty neat Italian vintage clock from
the 50s the Solari you Dini
dator ten